hey guys this is michelle taylor from
vegan break com and this week I'm going
to do something a little different
called or what I'm calling it as the
trader joe's project so I'm going to
take five different prepared meals from
trader joe's either from the
refrigerated section or from the freezer
section and I'm gonna present them to
you guys as five potential really simple
meals that you could you know pack for
lunch for work so this is really great
for people who are busy who don't have
time to spend in the kitchen preparing
meals each day for lunch if they're a
busy working person like me so here we
are going to start with day one and then
tune in later for day two three four and
five enjoy
all right guys here we on day one and
the lunch from trader joes is vegetable
panang curry it's vegan it's clearly
marked so we always love that it was a
whopping two dollars and sixty-nine
cents and it literally tastes like you
got it from an authentic restaurant so
this is what it looks like nice and
cooked heat time is four to five minutes
depending on the temperature of your
microwave so it's really simple and all
you need is a microwave and a bold
presented in is always nice but not even
necessary again here you go if you're
looking at calories its 590 calories 23
grams of fat 13 grams of sugar let us
show this and yeah it's it's completely
delicious it's one of my new favorite
lunch meals so for the average person
that doesn't have time to prepare vegan
lunch and spring to work every day this
is a great choice